# WIP: Lite Brite (Web setup)
This is a Laravel app with a ReactJS front end that allows public viewing of work generated by an installed exhibit. The project as a whole is to create installation art that can be shared via this site. It is very much a work in progress, you are able to see the core functionality. I really enjoy working on this and it gives me a lot of situations where I can take advantage of a lot of features in Laravel, like logging, events, queues, creating an API, and some of the finer points of using eloquent.

This site can be used in two ways: You can take a snapshot of yourself and the image will be saved and processed for a given light panel configuration OR the [local install](https://github.com/bobbyleftovers/local-fenqtt) can send it an image. 

In both cases, an image received is saved to the uploads folder and a record is created in the database along with the light panel configuration and other options. After that the record is added into a worker, which adds that record to a queue in laravel. The queue first crops the image according to the desired configuration. Images are resized to be the same dimension as the panel. If a panel is 100 lights wide by 140 lights in height, then the cropped image will be resized to 100x140px. That image is also saved to uploads. Each pixel is then evaluated for its rgb value and given a dimmness value as well, these are saved into a JSON object. When complete the data is saved to the database.

Individual images can be viewed with before/after states. The original image sent is next to a grid of squares, each set to the color calculated by the image processor.

If the record passed into the queue was sent from the installation, a response is generated and sent back to that device. All actions done by the site are logged to a text file and sent directly to me via slack.

